I'll make sure to answer every thing you said, so here; 
If you think that i don't respect you than that's your problem not mine. 
I've been being myself with you since day one, I've been honest and direct the whole one year and six months. 
I've been thro alot before, and i've been filled with hate and disguest. And still i gave myself another chance, and i trusted one more time. 
I've never doubted you and i trusted you day and night and the love i had for you was growing day after day and it was barrying with it the scars and the bad souvenirs that i had inside. I don't trust easily, and i trusted everything about our relationship from a to z. 
What you  apprently don't know about me is that  i think out loud, i don't hide, i don't lie and i don't pretend. 
Me being honest with you and getting angry on the bad things you've done to me is not "disrespect". And again, if you think it's disrespect then that's your problem not mine. 
I don't wait for you to say "one bad thing" so i can "hold it later", that was never my thing, but sometimes you do things i can never expect from your side. And if you can't admit them, then again it's your problem not mine. 
It's not a court, it's not a stupid whatever thing you think for me to hold things against you, but think again, think of what you did, and everytime i try to forgive something u do another. 
Back to honesty, i could pretend that everything fine, but i chose to be myself. 

You said you've built your dreams around me and never thought of yourself alone, that's something we both know, and i can say it over and over again, and you can also say it over and over again, but there's something called actions. 
And then you added this line "But i believe that i have to really start  thinking of myself only since everyone around me think of their own benefits"? Really? Go ahead, did I hold you? And sorry for not noticing that i've been only thinking about myself the whole time and i've been only thinking about my own benefits. And if you're talking about your familly; then why the fuck did you just related it to me? 
And then you said that I chose the worst time of yourlife and "throw my anger on you". And speaking about worst time of your life, let me give you a quick idea about mine during the last 5 days, i came to myhouse with some 50 dt mince 10dt transportations, that my father gave me for the week, first day the internet was gone, so i had to put every cent i have in the internet in order for me to work on my project. For the last 4 days, i had no food and no money, I argued with my father and he didn't bother sending me money. When i look around now, you know what i see?  Nothing, no friends no boyfriend no family, nothing at all. And trust me, i'd rather die than to ask people for money, because even the closest onces can humiliate you for that. So yeah worst time of your life is when you don't have anyone, is when you depend on others in order to live, is when you don't eat for days, and puke since yesterday because of a painful period with no medecines. :) 

"You have never thought that i would do that", that's also your problem not mine, because i've been there for you day and night and never letted you go, when you don't feel okay i try my best to make you laugh and make you at least smile, even though you refuse to call saying that you don't feel okay and even though you sometimes forget not to say good night or good morning or hello i know you exist. I'm always there for you, my family is worse than yours and the problems you have are nothing comparing to us. 

"Let me make things clear to you. No one ever have control over my life my life and will never do. When I let things go and just quit arguing, it only means that I will never ever make the mistake of caring for that person again. Marriage is my choice and only me have the right to choose but I don't have the right to drag them with me to propose." 
Wait what is that? lol, no one ever have control on your life and will never do, is that a threat or what? 
Marriage is your choice and you don't have the right to drag them with you, than I'm sorry I guess i don't fit the position for this game of yours. 

And, No i'm not wondering if you told your family or not, and it was never about doubt. I simply knew it, why would never lose your family for me. 
"You have doubt many things during our times together and I have never took it seriously. However, this time I will never let it go Mariam. I have never lied to you about marriage and I am not that kind of person to play with someone life." Please make sure not to let it go. 

And then back again to respect and lessons and how i had to watch my words and this time it have gotten in you and avoiding bad words and hurt u and what ever you said.  Did i say bad words to you? Did i humilate you? Did i insult you? 

I've trusted you and i've been waiting for you but you never did what you said you'd do. You said you're coming you didn't come, you said you're helping and supporting me, you gave up on me last minute, you said mariam don't worry things are going to be okay, but for fuck sake, you just told me that your parent would never accept, that your country's law won't accept to, what else ? 

And there are my answers to your answers: 
Graduating later would only slow things but later the same thing would happen. OK. 
Graduating early would make our livves easier and allow me to support you, YEAH totally. 
You will never work in a shitty job, okay, but mariam come work as receptionist is ok.  :)
My friends didn't find a single job till today and will never do.  I don't give a singly fly about your friends, and finding a job is possible otherwise i guess you would'nt ask me to look for one in your area. 
What do you mean about this ? :) "You couldn't find a job and will never admit it.?? "

You never told your parents because you know their reaction and now i can see that i'm not even worth the try. Doing it "on your own" is what you cannot do with me. 
And then back again with the doubt and the lies like i'm someone who does that. But it's okay, it doesn't matter. 

You made me happy and you made me cry, i sometimes wake up in the morning thinking of you as my future husband as someone i'd spend the rest of my days with him, But sometimes i wake up, and i wonder why you're not here for me and why would you act in a certain way. 
And since i read your message, i kept on waking up full of disappointement. 

"If you believe that I am selfish and I don't care about you, then go ahead and move on. Remember one thing, you will never find someone like me and will never do. 
I have hold on for too long but you seems to never careless. So if you want to move then then please do but at least do it with respect and at least respect what we had."
It was never about moving on, it never truly thought about moving on from this simply because i was happy and i thought things are going to be okay, but what can i say, things are going no where. Why would i be with someone who's not even willing to try telling his family about me. 
And yeah i will never find someone like you, i will never trust someone the way i trusted you, i will never wait or sacrifice for someone like you, i will never love someone the way i loved you and i will never live what i lived with you.  I will never hope for so much like i did with you, i will never love life the way i loved it with you. And trust me the list doesn't end. 
If you think that i thought that u didn't care i wouldn't be with you until now, 11 months behind a screen loyal and fully in love with you, that was never my problem, i was willing to wait more. I said it, i told you i'd sacrifice it all for u. But this is exactly the problem, you didn't. 3days were fully enough for you to fix everything but you chose another way. 
And after all, i guess we were never meant for each other. it was all a mistake since the beginning. I'm not gonna say that you'll never find someone like me or anthing like that, i just want you to know that you left me no choice and your ruined the last chance we had. 
